TLS cert provisioning (#5597)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/agent/options.html.md

        contents of each entry.

> * <a name="auto_encrypt"></a><a href="#auto_encrypt">`auto_encrypt`</a>

Reviewer: This page is (mostly) alphabetized, can we move this just under `Autopilot`?

>     This object allows setting options for the AutoEncrypt feature.

Reviewer: Are we going to always refer to this as the "AutoEncrypt" feature? If so, I'll need to make updates in the guide.

Author: Do you have another suggestion? I forgot what we say in the guide.

Author: ```suggestion
    This object allows setting options for the `auto_encrypt` feature.
```

    The following sub-keys are available:

>     * <a name="tls"></a><a href="#tls">`tls`</a> makes the client request CA and certificates for encrypting RPC communication from the servers provided in `-join` or `-retry-join`. It only works if one of these provided addresses is a server `auto_encrypt.allow_tls` has to be enabled on the server in order to activate the RPC endpoint and `auto_encrypt.tls` on the client that wants to provision certificates automatically. If the `-server-port` is not the default one, it has to be provided to the clients as well. Usually this is discovered through serf, but `auto_encrypt` is happening earlier and cannot use that information. The most secure `auto_encrypt` setup is when the client is provided with the CA, `verify_server_hostname` is turned on, and when ACL are enabled and a token with `node.write` permissions. It is also possible to use `auto_encrypt` with a CA and ACL, but without `verify_server_hostname`, or only with a ACL enabled, or only with CA and `verify_server_hostname`, or only with a CA, or finally without a CA and without ACL enabled. In any case, the communication to the `auto_encrypt` endpoint is always TLS encrypted. Defaults to false.

Reviewer: What if users don't have a server listed in `join` or `retry_join`?

Author: It won't work.

>     * <a name="tls"></a><a href="#tls">`tls`</a> makes the client request CA and certificates for encrypting RPC communication from the servers provided in `-join` or `-retry-join`. It only works if one of these provided addresses is a server `auto_encrypt.allow_tls` has to be enabled on the server in order to activate the RPC endpoint and `auto_encrypt.tls` on the client that wants to provision certificates automatically. If the `-server-port` is not the default one, it has to be provided to the clients as well. Usually this is discovered through serf, but `auto_encrypt` is happening earlier and cannot use that information. The most secure `auto_encrypt` setup is when the client is provided with the CA, `verify_server_hostname` is turned on, and when ACL are enabled and a token with `node.write` permissions. It is also possible to use `auto_encrypt` with a CA and ACL, but without `verify_server_hostname`, or only with a ACL enabled, or only with CA and `verify_server_hostname`, or only with a CA, or finally without a CA and without ACL enabled. In any case, the communication to the `auto_encrypt` endpoint is always TLS encrypted. Defaults to false.

Reviewer: Suggested updates, again check for technical accuracy.

"(Defaults to false.) Allows the client to request the Connect CA and certificates from the servers, for encrypting RPC communication. The client will make the request to any servers listed in the `-join` or `-retry-join`. This requires that at least one server to have `auto_encrypt.allow_tls enabled. When both `auto_encrypt` options are used, it allows clients to receive certificates that are provisioned automatically on the servers. If the `-server-port` is not the default one, it has to be provided to the client as well. Usually this is discovered through LAN gossip, but `auto_encrypt` provision happens before the information can be distributed through gossip. The most secure `auto_encrypt` setup is when the client is provided with the built-in CA, `verify_server_hostname` is turned on, and when ACL are enabled and a token with `node.write` permissions. It is also possible to use `auto_encrypt` with a CA and ACL, but without `verify_server_hostname`, or only with a ACL enabled, or only with CA and `verify_server_hostname`, or only with a CA, or finally without a CA and without ACL enabled. In any case, the communication to the `auto_encrypt` endpoint is always TLS encrypted. "

>     * <a name="allow_tls"></a><a href="#allow_tls">`allow_tls`</a> enables connect and the endpoint that is serving the CA and the certificates for `auto_encrypt` to the clients. If disabled, the endpoint is not available and a client configured with `auto_encrypt.tls` cannot start. If enabled, the server starts to accept the manual and the connect CA for incoming connections as well as their corresponding certificates. It will always only present its manually configured CA and certificate though, which the client can verify using the CA it got from `auto_encrypt` endpoint. Defaults to false.

Reviewer: Possible update:

```
(Defaults to false.) This option enables  `auto_encrypt` on the servers and allows them to automatically distribute certificates from the Connect CA to the clients.  If enabled, the server can accept incoming connections from the built-in CA and the Connect CA, as well as their certificates. Note, the server will only present the built-in CA and certificate, which the client can verify using the CA it received from `auto_encrypt` endpoint. This allows both CAs to authenticate each others certificates.  If disabled, a client configured with `auto_encrypt.tls`  will be unable to start.
```
I took some liberties and filled in some blanks, please review for technical accuracy. Also with the client really not be able to start if `auto_encrypt.tls` is disabled? Or will it just not be able to join the datacenter?

Author: ```suggestion
    * <a name="allow_tls"></a><a href="#allow_tls">`allow_tls`</a> (Defaults to `false`.) This option enables `auto_encrypt` on the servers and allows them to automatically distribute certificates from the Connect CA to the clients. If enabled, the server can accept incoming connections from both the built-in CA and the Connect CA, as well as their certificates. Note, the server will only present the built-in CA and certificate, which the client can verify using the CA it received from `auto_encrypt` endpoint. If disabled, a client configured with `auto_encrypt.tls` will be unable to start.
```

>     * <a name="allow_tls"></a><a href="#allow_tls">`allow_tls`</a> enables connect and the endpoint that is serving the CA and the certificates for `auto_encrypt` to the clients. If disabled, the endpoint is not available and a client configured with `auto_encrypt.tls` cannot start. If enabled, the server starts to accept the manual and the connect CA for incoming connections as well as their corresponding certificates. It will always only present its manually configured CA and certificate though, which the client can verify using the CA it got from `auto_encrypt` endpoint. Defaults to false.

Reviewer: I would move this setting above `auto_encrypt.tls` since `auto_encrypt.tls` will be affected by ``auto_encrypt.allow_tls`.
